---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: Welcome to MMDungeon
blogDate: 5.6.26
---

Hello! Welcome to MMDungeon, my personal heaven on the vast World Wide Web. I wanted to create a section on my website that allowed for me to express my thoughts formally, like a collection of essays.

For this first entry I will just go more in depth about the purpose of this website, as well as any extra information I think is important. This will be short. I suggest reading my about page, as it provides surface level information on who I am and what I do.

The dungeon is a portfolio, blog, and living space for my creations. All of my art, music, and games go here as an archive. I upload everything I finish here and repost it on my other platforms. *My only accounts are the ones I have linked on this website*, with Instagram being the only traditional social media site I use. I post extras like more selfies and wips there. I use the username @madmadmaya on these sites.

I do not condone the use of AI, training, reposting, and reusing my work by anyone. Profile pictures are okay with credit or links to the website or my Instagram. My games will only be on Itch.io, and my music will only be on Bandcamp or Youtube. It will never be on any streaming platform ever. 

I am a completely independent artist, and this helps me keep things organized for my own sake. It allows me to be comfortable with sharing my work on the internet, while staying true to my vision of what I want.

Anyone can reach out to me though my email or Instagram below. Maybe even leave a cute message on my guestbook.

Thank you.





